README.md, before:

# NicoleSanG-portfolio
Nicole Santamaría Portfolio

# Credits
Hero image courtesy of https://www.freepik.com/
icons: https://icons8.com/icons

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2023] [Karen Nicole Santamaria Granizo]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

README edited and media queries changed for nav bar and work .heading

README.md, after:

# NicoleSanG-portfolio

This project is the portfolio I've created to showcase my work and all the programming and design skills I've learnt during my previous studies and the Bootcamp.

## Usage


## Credits

Hero image courtesy of https://www.freepik.com/
GitHub and LinkedIn icons: https://icons8.com/icons

Code used to direct the user to the deployed projects on a new window when clicked on the portfolio work section (onclick="window.open('/path')), suggested by tutor Phillip Loyd during a tutoring session.

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2023] [Karen Nicole Santamaria Granizo]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-57.4-purple)
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-42.6-blue)
